docs: add better documentation (#1028)
hetznercloud/cli: docs/guides/using-output-options.md

    "description": "Nuremberg DC Park 1",
    "country": "DE",
    "city": "Nuremberg",
    "latitude": 49.452102,
    "longitude": 11.076665,
    "network_zone": "eu-central"
  },
  ...
]
```

Once again, you can use `jq` to filter the output. Following example shows how to get the names of all locations of which the network zone is `eu-central`:

```bash
$ hcloud location list --output json | jq '[.[] | select(.network_zone == "eu-central") | .name]'    
[
  "fsn1",
  "nbg1",
  "hel1"
]
```

## YAML

`describe`, `list` and `create` commands support YAML output format as well.

```bash
$ hcloud location describe fsn1 --output yaml
id: 1
name: fsn1
description: Falkenstein DC Park 1
country: DE
city: Falkenstein
latitude: 50.47612
longitude: 12.370071
network_zone: eu-central
```

For YAML, you can use `yq` instead of `jq`.

```bash
$ hcloud location list --output yaml | yq '.[] | [{"id": .id, "name": .name}]'
- id: 1
  name: fsn1
- id: 2
  name: nbg1
- id: 3
  name: hel1
- id: 4
  name: ash
- id: 5
  name: hil
- id: 6
  name: sin
```

## Go Template Format

`describe` commands support the Go string template format as well. You can read up on the syntax in the 

> [Go documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/text/template/). The template format will be applied to structs from hcloud-go. 

Reviewer: I was referring to the wording.

Maybe this?

```suggestion
[Go documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/text/template/). The data structures passed to the template is defined by the [hcloud-go schemas](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/hetznercloud/hcloud-go/v2/hcloud/schema). 
```

> [Go documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/text/template/). The template format will be applied to structs from hcloud-go. 

Reviewer: Ah, woups.

> [Go documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/text/template/). The template format will be applied to structs from hcloud-go. 

Reviewer: If we can replace schema with another synonym to prevent confusion with the schema package. Otherwise works for me.

You can find the structs in the [hcloud-go source code](https://github.com/hetznercloud/hcloud-go/tree/main/hcloud).

For example, you could obtain the number of cores of a server using the following command:

```bash
$ hcloud server describe my-server --output format={{.ServerType.Cores}}
2
```

## Table options

`list` commands support table options as well. These options allow you to customize the output format of the output table,
if not using JSON or YAML.

### noheader

This option removes the header from the output table.

```bash
$ hcloud location list --output noheader 
1   fsn1   Falkenstein DC Park 1   eu-central     DE   Falkenstein  
2   nbg1   Nuremberg DC Park 1     eu-central     DE   Nuremberg    
3   hel1   Helsinki DC Park 1      eu-central     FI   Helsinki     
4   ash    Ashburn, VA             us-east        US   Ashburn, VA  
5   hil    Hillsboro, OR           us-west        US   Hillsboro, OR
6   sin    Singapore               ap-southeast   SG   Singapore   
```

### columns

This option allows you to filter by columns.

```bash

> $ hcloud location list --output columns=id,name,network_zone 

Reviewer 2: @phm07 You marked this as resolved but I do not see such an example in the current code.
